How is that possible?
The holy general is a hero of the earth level
Invincible biblical powerhouse
How could it be defeated by him with one move?
It took him one bullet.
Kill the Holy General in seconds
This general is the Bible
Defeated by a series of seven labors
I said it was you.
Even if the Holy King of your Holy King Temple comes
I can't enter the court of my deity
It is unfortunate to die by my sword
He kills me. He kills me.
Kill me back please
Soul Flying Smoke Extinction
Hahahaha
You may not understand what this deity means.
This deity means that this deity not only wants to kill you
And uproot the entire Beast King Palace
run away
Come
What about the Holy General?
Tianzong, who just arrived at the Holy General
It should be killing by now
Dead
Ask the king to order
I will avenge the Christmas Army
No, nothing else.
That little Tianzong thought he could change his life for the sky
Well, this king will teach in person
Let them relive
The Western King has been destroying the fears of his ancestors